# Deployment
### Preparing for Production
Before deploying the application we should build it locally to make sure we don't have any errors, because if there's any errors locally, there would be errors in deployment. From the terminal lets run `npm run build`. I got a few errors like `./app/api/users/[id]/route.tsx:10:14
Type error: Type 'number' is not assignable to type 'string'.` It's complaining about the type id is not a string, all you have to do is remove the `parseInt(**)` and the error would go away. We can finally commit our code.

### Pushing the code to Github
When starting this playground project I pushed the code to `Github` but if you didn't this step is easy. Just go to `github.com` and create a new repo, then from the terminal we can do the rest 
```
git init
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/..../.....git
git push -u origin main
```
In my case I didn't have to do this. Once you create this when making updates to your project you can easily do it right from `Vs code` by clicking the `source control` and adding the `stages`.

### Deploying to Vercel
If you haven't already, create a vercel account, you must use your github to `sign-in/sign-up` so that vercel & github can connect and we can import github repos in `Vercel`. Now import `next-app` from `github`. Scroll down to `Environment Variables`, in our project we have a few environments. Head over to Vs code and opent the `.env` file, there we can see the environment we can include in vercel deployment.

### Errors
By now we can try deploy the project. We get a few errors, one is saying something about `PrismaClient` to fix this we have to override the build command and `npx prisma generate && next build`, then to fix the `encoding` error we have to head to `Vs code` and run `npm -D encoding` in the terminal, now lets commit this code, go to source, add the stages and give it a name like `'fix deployment errors'`. Back to `Vercel`, check that Vercel has picked the latest `github` commit.
