# We will build a full-stack application with Nextjs
## Technologies: Nexth.js, Typescript, Tailwind, Radix UI, Prisma, MySQL, NextAuth.js
#### Getting Started
Setting up our project
Open the terminal: cd Desktop
run `npx create-next-app@13.4.19` or `@latest`, give the project a name like `Issue tracker` and then select all the default settings.
`typescript, tailwind, eslint...`, now we can `cd` to the folder and run `npm run dev`.
You can open the project in `vs code` and lets do some clean up. We can delete all markup from the home page `page.tsx` and add a simple <div>. In the `global.css` file lets delete these two ` --background-start-rgb: 0, 0, 0;,
    --background-end-rgb: 0, 0, 0;` and the background color from the `body` element.
```
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;

:root {
  --foreground-rgb: 0, 0, 0;
  --background-start-rgb: 214, 219, 220;
  --background-end-rgb: 255, 255, 255;
}

@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
  :root {
    --foreground-rgb: 255, 255, 255;
    --background-start-rgb: 0, 0, 0;
    --background-end-rgb: 0, 0, 0;
  }
}

body {
  color: rgb(var(--foreground-rgb));
}
```
This is how the `global.css` should look now. To get used to making commit, we can make one now. Open the source control and add the changes. This is something important to do because we can keep track of what we fixing or changing in the project by giving it names. This is good practice for when you're working as a team. We can call this commit `Initial set up`.

### Navbar
In the app folder add a file `NavBar.tsx`, because of the app router nextjs 13, there's no need to put this in a components folder. It is not a reusable component, only need it in our `layout.tsx`

Inside the `NavBar` file run `rafce` and code this 
```
import Link from 'next/link'
import React from 'react'

const NavBar = () => {
  return (
    <nav className='flex space-x-6 border-b mb-5 px-5 h-14 items-center'>
      <Link href='/'>Logo</Link>
      <ul className='flex space-x-6'>
        <li><Link href='/'>Dashboard</Link></li>
        <li><Link href='/issues'>Issues</Link></li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
  )
}

export default NavBar;
```
Here we applied some styling with `Tailwind` and used the <link> component from `next/link`, this is the reason as to why we didn't need to add the `NavBar` to a components folder, we can navigate easily using the app router in nextjs. Next lets add the component to the layout `<body className={inter.className}>
        <NavBar />
        <main>{children}</main>
      </body>`, now we need to add an icon. In the browser look for `react icons`. We need to install this package so open the terminal and run `npm i react-icons@4.11.0` from there type `bug` and copy the code. In the navbar file import `AiFillBug` which is the name of the icon,
`import { AiFillBug} from 'react-icons/ai'`, and add it inside the `<Link>`, `<Link href='/'><AiFillBug/></Link>`. Lets also add `hover` effect to the links. 
```
const links = [
    { label: 'Dashboard', href: '/'},
    { label: 'Issues', href: '/issues'}
]
```
This is a common structure used in web development to define navigation links or menu items for a website, and it can be used to generate navigation elements in a user interface. It helps avoid having repetitive code on our project. Now this is how the code looks now 
```
 <nav className='flex space-x-6 border-b mb-5 px-5 h-14 items-center'>
      <Link href='/'><AiFillBug/></Link>
      <ul className='flex space-x-6'>
        {links.map(link => 
        <Link 
        key={link.href} 
        className='text-zinc-500 hover:text-zinc-800 transition-colors' 
        href={link.href}>{link.label}</Link>)}
      </ul>
    </nav>
```
This is a better approach, makes the code look a lot cleaner. Now just like before. Lets make a commit, we can call it `Build the navbar`

### Styling Active Link
Create a `issues` folder in the `app` directory, next import a hook called `usePathname` in the `NavBar.tsx` and lets put it to use. To use this we must convert the componet to a `use client` because we can only access browser API's in client componets. Add `'use client'` on the top. `const currentPath = usePathname()`, now lets make some changes to the stylng ``className={`${link.href === currentPath ? 'text-zinc-900': 'text-zinc-500'} hover:text-zinc-800 transition-colors`}`` this a simple way to style our links. We give it a condition. We can also do it a different way, open the terminal, run `npm i classnames@2.3.2`, let's import `classnames`. Now we can replace our current styling and use this one 
```
 className={classnames({
            'text-zinc-900': link.href === currentPath,
            'text-zinc-500': link.href !== currentPath,
            'hover:text-zinc-800 transition-colors': true
        })}
```
```
<nav className='flex space-x-6 border-b mb-5 px-5 h-14 items-center'>
      <Link href='/'><AiFillBug/></Link>
      <ul className='flex space-x-6'>
        {links.map(link => 
        <Link 
        key={link.href} 
        className={classnames({
            'text-zinc-900': link.href === currentPath,
            'text-zinc-500': link.href !== currentPath,
            'hover:text-zinc-800 transition-colors': true
        })} 
        href={link.href}>{link.label}</Link>)}
      </ul>
    </nav>
```

I like this approach better, makes our code a bit more clean, we can easily see what classes are render, this exactly how we can make our code more readable. Now lets do another commit for today, lets call it `Style the active link in the navbar`.

For the next few days we would be working with creating issues, setting up `MySQL` database, setting up `Radix UI` and much more...
