# Creating Issues
To start we need to first install `MySQL` and `DataGrip`. Now we need `prisma`, head over to the terminal and run `npm i prisma@5.3.1`, next run `npx prisma init` to initialize prisma in this project. 
Now we get a folder calles `prisma` and a file called `chema.prisma`, inside this file we see this code 
```
 generator client {
  provider = "prisma-client-js"
}

datasource db {
  provider = "mysql"
  url      = env("DATABASE_URL")
}
```
By default the provider runs on `"postgresql"`, you just have to change it to `mysql` like it shows above. We can now open `.env` file and change the `DATABASE_URL` to `mysql` as well as few other changes.
This is how should look `DATABASE_URL="mysql://root:MyPassword@localhost:3306/issue-tracker"`. Lets make a commit to save this changes. I'll call it `setting up Prisma`.
In our folder lets create a new folder called `api`, inside lets add another folder called `issues`. Now we add a `route.ts` file and build an API for a `POST`.
```
import { NextRequest } from "next/server";

export async function POST(request: NextRequest) {
  const body = await request.json();
}
```
We are going to need to install `Zod` so lets run `npm i zod@3.22.2` in the terminal. Now we...
```
import { z } from 'zod'

z.object({
    title: z.string().min(1).max(255),
    description: z.string().min(1)
})
```
We import `zod` and then create an `object` that defines the `title` and the `description` with a minimum of one character. We get these names from our `schema.prisma` file where we created the `Issue` model. We only needed those two values because the other fields have a default value. Now lets create a validation to check for errors.
`const validation = createIssueSchema.safeParse(body)
  if (!validation.success)
    return NextResponse.json(validation.error.errors, {status: 400})
`
Before we keep going lets add the prisma client. Head over to the browser and google `nextjs prisma client`, click on the `best practice...` once you're there, copy the code. Go back to `vscode` and create a file inside the `prisma` folder called `client.ts`, paste the code you copied there. All that code is doing is creating a single instant prisma client, it ensures we don't have multiple instances running. Back to the `route.ts`file lets import the `prisma` client `import prisma from '@/prisma/client'`
Now add this code `const newIssue = prisma.issue.create({
    data: { title: body.title, description: body.description },
  });`
  and finally we can return ` return NextResponse.json(newIssue, {status: 201})`
  The final code of the file looks like this.
```
import { NextRequest, NextResponse } from 'next/server';
import { z } from 'zod';
import prisma from '@/prisma/client';

const createIssueSchema = z.object({
  title: z.string().min(1).max(255),
  description: z.string().min(1),
});

export async function POST(request: NextRequest) {
  const body = await request.json();
  const validation = createIssueSchema.safeParse(body);
  if (!validation.success)
    return NextResponse.json(validation.error.errors, { status: 400 });

  const newIssue = await prisma.issue.create({
    data: { title: body.title, description: body.description },
  });

  return NextResponse.json(newIssue, {status: 201})
}
```
We can test this in `Postman`, make sure it works, then head to `Datagrip`, refresh the table. Seems like it's working, the `issue` got stored on the table. We can now make a last commit for today `Building an API for creating an issue`.
