### Setting up Radix UI
Head over to `radix-ui.com`, select the `themes` and click on `Get started`. Next, follow the installation steps, `npm install @radix-ui/themes`
then import the css file, `import '@radix-ui/themes/styles.css';` and paste it on the root layout, `layout.tsx`. The last step is to wrap our entire application 
inside the `Theme` component. In our `layout.tsx` file add this import, `import { Theme } from '@radix-ui/themes';`, now wrap everything inside the `body` element
`<html lang="en">
      <body className={inter.className}>
        <Theme>
          <NavBar />
          <main className="p-5">{children}</main>
        </Theme>
      </body>
    </html>`
Now, lets build the New Issue Page. Lets create folder inside `issues` called `new` and add a `page.tsx`, now in the `Radix UI` documentation
there are different components we can use from the tab on the left. Lets use `Text Field` and follow the instruction. 
in the `page.tsx` file create a react component and add 
```
const NewIssuePage = () => {
  return (
    <div className='max-w-xl'>
      <TextField.Root>
        <TextField.Input placeholder='Title'/>
      </TextField.Root>
    </div>
  )
}

export default NewIssuePage
```
The final code should look like this 
```
'use client';
import { Button, TextArea, TextField } from '@radix-ui/themes';
import React from 'react';

const NewIssuePage = () => {
  return (
    <div className='max-w-xl space-y-3'>
      <TextField.Root>
        <TextField.Input placeholder='Title'/>
      </TextField.Root>
      <TextArea placeholder='Description'/>
      <Button>Submit New Issue</Button>
    </div>
  )
}

export default NewIssuePage
```
We had to `use client` because the dot in the `textfield` because we cannot dot into a client module from a server component, instead we add
`use client` at the top. The issue would go away.
Lets customiz our `Radix UI Theme`, in the `layout.tsx` below the `<main>` tag lets add `<ThemePanel>` from `Radix UI`. `<NavBar />
          <main className="p-5">{children}</main>
          <ThemePanel/>`. This will open a panel where you can change the colors right from the `localhost:3000`, after picking the colors and preferances, copy the theme and paste the code below the `<body>` element
`<Theme appearance="light" accentColor="violet" radius="large">`, we can remove the `themepanel` since we don't need it anymore.
Now we need to make some changes. For the font we will add a variable because `Radix UI` does not render `Inter` so we need to pass it down to our `body` element and then create a custome `css` file for overriding the styles that `Radix UI` comes with. This is what we add to the `layout.tsx`... a variable
```
const inter = Inter({
  subsets: ['latin'],
  variable: '--font-inter',
});
```
Then use the `<body className:{inter.variable}>`. In the app folder we add a new file called `theme-config.css`, now lets add this code, `.radix-themes {
  --default-font-family: var(--font-inter);
}` and `import './theme-config.css'` on the top of the `layout.tsx`.

Search for `react-simplemde-editor`, copy the line for installation `npm install --save react-simplemde-editor easymde` and run it on the terminal. Now copy the two imports and paste them on the `NewIssuePage`. We can replace the `<TextArea>` with `<SimpleMDE>` 
