### Showing Issue Details
Now that we have a list of issues, let's build a page for viewing the details of an issue. Our focus is getting an issue from the database
and showing its details. In the `issues` folder let's add a new folder, `[id]` parameter, next add our `page.tsx` file. Like always, `rafce` 
and name the `const` `IssueDetailPage`. We need to grab the parameter from the route. First we define an interface ```interface Props {
    params: { id: string}
}```
Now in this component we are going to use `prisma` to fetch an issue form the database. Import `prisma`, we grab the issue and `parseInt` the 
params id. Now we await the call to get an issue. ```const IssueDetailPage = async ({ params }: Props) => {
const issue = await prisma.issue.findUnique({
    where: { id: parseInt(params.id)}
})```
Now if the issue is not found, we should redirect the user to the not found page, otherwise, we want to render the details of the issue.
```
if(!issue)
    notFound();
```
Now lets go to `issues/page` and add a `Link` element around the {issue.title} ```<Link href={`/issues/${issue.id}`}>{issue.title}</Link>```
When the issue detail is loading, the skeletons show up, it looks weird and that is because the `loading.tsx` for the skeleton is at the
root of the `issues`, to add a different loading to the `issue details` we have to create separate files for the other segments within
the issues folder/route. Add a `loading.tsx` within the `[id]` folder and call it `LoadingIssueDetailPage`. We should also create another loading file for the other segment.
`new`, `loading.tsx`. `new/loading.tsx`, and call it `LoadingNewIssuePage`. The final code is
```
import prisma from '@/prisma/client';
import { notFound } from 'next/navigation';
import React from 'react';

interface Props {
  params: { id: string };
}

const IssueDetailPage = async ({ params }: Props) => {
  const issue = await prisma.issue.findUnique({
    where: { id: parseInt(params.id) },
  });

  if (!issue) notFound();

  return (
    <div>
      <p>{issue.title}</p>
      <p>{issue.description}</p>
      <p>{issue.status}</p>
      <p>{issue.createdAt.toDateString()}</p>
    </div>
  );
};

export default IssueDetailPage;
```
### Styling the issue detail page
In the `page.tsx` in the `[id]`folder, we are going to replace the <p> elements with `Radix UI` components.
```
<Heading>{issue.title}</Heading>
      <Flex className="space-x-3" my="2">
        <IssueStatusBadge status={issue.status} />
        <Text>{issue.createdAt.toDateString()}</Text>
      </Flex>
      <Card>
        <p>{issue.description}</p>
      </Card>
```
### Adding Markdown
To add markdowns we have to first install a package. In the terminal run `npm i react-markdown@8.0.7`. Back to our page we can import
the package. Now insid the `<p>` element inside the `<Card>` tag, replace it with ```<ReactMarkdown>{issue.description}</ReactMarkdown>```
Now we have to google `tailwind typography` to fix a few issues we are getting with text. We first install ```npm install -D @tailwindcss/typography```, then we have to import the plugin in the tailwind configuration file and use the `prose` classes to add sensible typography styles. Add the style to the `Card` element `<Card className='prose' mt='4'>`. That was the final step so we can make another commit.


