### Additional Loading skeletons
Now lets add a proper skeleton that has the same look and feel of this page. Now back in the `[id]` folder lets grab some code
from the `page.tsx` file and paste in our `loading.tsx` file. Now lets get these two imports, `import Skeleteon from 'react-loading-skeleton`
& `import 'react-loading-skeleton/dist/skeleton.css'`. Now lets make some changes.
```
<Box className='max-w-xl'>
      <Skeleteon/>
      <Flex className="space-x-3" my="2">
        <Skeleteon width='5rem'/>
        <Skeleteon width='8rem'/>
      </Flex>
      <Card className="prose" mt="4">
       <Skeleteon count={3}/>
      </Card>
    </Box>
```
Here we used a `Box` element as well as `skeletons` with different sizes, count and tailwind class for the Box element. Now we need a separate skeleton for the new issue page. Let's go to the `new` folder, open the `loading.tsx` file. 
```
const LoadingNewIssuePage = () => {
  return (
    <Box className='max-w-xl'>
     <Skeleton/>
     <Skeleton height='20rem'/>
    </Box>
  )
}
```
Remember to import these two imports when using skeletons, `import Skeleteon from 'react-loading-skeleton`
& `import 'react-loading-skeleton/dist/skeleton.css'`. 

### Disabling Serser-side-rendering
To do this lets replace the `SimpleMED` with `dynamic`, then we dynamically load this component, this call `lazy loading`, we declarea 
constant, we can call it the same as our component `SimpleMDE`
```
const SimpleMDE = dynamic(
  () => import('react-simplemde-editor'), 
  { ssr: false}
)
```
We set the `ssr` to false to tell Nextjs not to render this component on the server.

### Refactoring 
In our `IssuesPage` we have two imports that we can combine these statements intow a single since they're both imported from`../component/`. We can do this by adding an `index.ts` in the `components` folder to export the component in this folder.
Now add this 
```
export { default as Link } from './Link';
export { default as ErrorMessage } from './ErrorMessage';
export { default as IssueStatusBadge } from './IssueStatusBadge';
export { default as Spinner } from './Spinner';
```
This simplifies the export of all the components from one file, it makes our code look cleaner. Now we can do the same thing with the loading skeletons. In the components folder let's add a file called `Skeleton.tsx`. There we copy the skeletons we have used before
```
import Skeleton from 'react-loading-skeleton';
import 'react-loading-skeleton/dist/skeleton.css';

export default Skeleton;
```
And then we added to the `index.ts` 
```
export { default as Link } from './Link';
export { default as ErrorMessage } from './ErrorMessage';
export { default as IssueStatusBadge } from './IssueStatusBadge';
export { default as Spinner } from './Spinner';
export { default as Skeleton } from './Skeleton'
```
Finally we make sure that in our that all the files named `loading.tsx` have the right import for the `Skeletons`, like ```import { Skeleton } from '@/app/components';```. This is all for today, tomorrow we are going over `Updating Issues`.

