### Understanding caching
Let's build our application `npm run build`. Now let's start the application in production `npm start`. At this point in our project we 
would want to disable caching. In the broswer google `nextjs route segment config`. There you can find route segment options like,
`dynamic` & `revalidate`. Back to our project, open `issues/page` and add ```export const dynamic = 'force-dynamic';```, if we set it to
`force-dynamic` we're telling `Nextjs` to opt out of static rendering. If we rebuild our application, the issues page will also be rendered
dynamically. The other option is `export const revalidate = 0;`, this is the same as setting the const to `force-dynamic`, we are telling
`Nextjs` that the outputof this page has to be revalidated every 0 seconds, meaning all the time. In this case we dont want to have any kind
of chaching so we can stick with the first option. Let's go to our `IssueForm`, after we send the user to the issues page, we call 
`router.refresh();`, this tells `Nextjs` to refresh the content of the current route, which is in this case, the issues route. Now let's 
rebuild the application. Now we are able to see the issue instantly as it was created. We force the router to refresh the content of this page.
Now lets make a commit `Fix caching issue`.
### Improving the Loading Experience
In the `new` folder, go to `page.tsx`, instead of importing the issue form statically, first we are going to import the dynamic function and
import the `IssueForm` dynamically like this
```
const IssueForm = dynamic(() => import('@/app/issues/_components/IssueForm'), {
  ssr: false,
});
```
Now let's go to `IssueForm` we don't need to load the `SimpleMDE` dynamically so we can remove it and 
`import SimpleMDE from 'react-simplemde-editor';`. Back to the `issue/page` in the object, we have a property called `loading`. Now we are
going to move the skeletons from `loading.tsx` in the `new` folder to a reusable component because we are going to use it in multiple places.
In the `_components` folder, let's add a new file called `IssueFormSkeleton`. Now back to the `loading.tsx` file, copy the code
```
  <Box className="max-w-xl">
      <Skeleton height="2rem"/>
      <Skeleton height="20rem" />
    </Box>
```
and paste it in the new file created. Now we can delete everything from `loading.tsx` file and just have this 
```
import IssueFormSkeleton from "../_components/IssueFormSkeleton";
export default IssueFormSkeleton;
```
The other place is the `NewIssuePage`, ```ssr: false,
  loading: () => <IssueFormSkeleton />,```
Now we need the same skeleton the edit issue page. In the `[id]` folder and open `edit` folder and add a `loading` file that has
```
import IssueFormSkeleton from "../../_components/IssueFormSkeleton";
export default IssueFormSkeleton;
```
Also remember to import the `IssueForm` dynamically in the `page.tsx` or it won't work.


